i'm jimmy i am the host of the show
thanks for watching
happy uh thanksgiving to one and all
today is the first day of may it's april
fool's day
uh historians believe that april fool's
day i did not know this dates all the
way back
to 1582 to france where people would
put paper fish on each other's backs and
then call them april fish
guillermo turn around for a second yeah
i put one on your back a minute ago
oh you did it oh yeah yeah you see that
yeah oh yeah
you see how funny that is yeah wow
let me tell you the french are hilarious
they really are
at mar-a-lago today donald trump played
a very cruel prank on his son eric he
opened his
arms and pretended like he was gonna hug
him and
remember last year when trump promised
the coronavirus would disappear by
easter
that was a good one that was that was
maybe the best one ever april fool's is
too easy this year all you have to do is
sneeze and you've won
this is not a prank or maybe it is who
knows russia the russians say they've
developed a covet vaccine
for animals the vaccine is called
carnavac
cove it was developed for pets and farm
animals
they give them one shot with this and
they're done they're
gone you know pets animals can get the
coronavirus
and the worst thing about getting
coveted for dogs is
and they try to smell each other's butts
nothing
they can't they you know who tested
positive for kovid
our old lipstick on a pit bull herself
sarah palin
announced that she and her two of her
kids contracted the virus
how she doesn't know sarah palin lives
in alaska
you almost have to try to catch covert
in alaska it's easier to catch a bald
eagle
than covet in alaska but palin is
encouraging others now to wear masks
which is rich
because at the beginning of this back in
may she traveled all the way to texas
to visit a beauty salon to support the
owner of that salon who went to jail
because she refused to shut her business
down
she said it was her constitutional right
to endanger her community but now that
sarah
has herself been bitten by the bug she
changed her tune
i love these people who only believe in
science when it happens to them
they only acknowledge that covett is
real after they get
it's like saying now that i have been
mauled by a bear personally i realize
that their claws and teeth are very
sharp but good for her for speaking out
finally
corona isn't the only transmittable
disease we need to worry about oxford
university
is said to be hard at work on a vaccine
for what they call
super gonorrhea back in 2018 a british
man who's vacationing in southeast asia
contracted what has been described as
the worst ever case of gonorrhea
god only knows how he got that gonorrhea
but he did and now it's
spreading uh the hope is that a vaccine
to stop it
will be ready in time for next season of
bachelor in paradise so keep your
fingers crossed
easter is uh what a few days away now
which means it's
time for jesus and peeps these peeps
you know it used to be
there were you know they had the yellow
peeps in the shape of little chicks and
that was it and then they started making
them
in the shape of bunnies which do not
peep by the way
chicks pee bunnies don't unless you step
on them but apparently
the new shapes and colors of peeps
caught on because
this is a this is what is now available
you see here
we've got uh chocolate pudding peeps we
have root beer float peeps
we have blue raspberry peeps we have
sour watermelon
cotton candy all kinds of crap this is
what it looks like at cvs this is the
aisle it's cbs it's the store's gone all
peeps
there's also peep cereal
which is if you read it you can see it's
marshmallow flavored cereal
with marshmallows artificially flavored
it's like
a roast beef flavored sandwich with beef
these are um
what are these oh sugar-free peeps
it'd be funny if this was just an empty
little container
and that's not where it ends there are a
whole host of peeps products on the
market now so we came up with a game
in time for easter i'm gonna ask slash
force our staff and our audience to play
the game it's called real
or fake peeps all
tell right if this is real or
fake okay this is peeps hand sanitizer
real or fake
[Applause]
that's a real thing and i'm gonna use
that as well okay
this is peeps pringles
[Music]
[Applause]
this is fake yeah there's a fake right
yeah fake yeah but it will be real by
the end of probably the month
uh these are peeps flavored strawberry
chocolate marshmallow milk
that is real yeah peeps you play
[Music]
[Applause]
that's unreal let's fake it everyone who
said reel is fired this is um
peeps crest yes of course that's fake
this is
peeps twinkies real or fake
they are no i don't actually know
they're fake yeah
peeps pepsi
[Music]
no this is real and how they did not
call this peepsy i have no idea what is
wrong with you people
we've got for those who like a little
little kick peeps white claw
fake and uh these peeps crocs are these
uh
peeps crocs a thing
no they are real and they are a crime
against humanity
guillermo try them on these are for you
enjoy
and we have one more item oh okay one
one last item
uh peeps truck nuts yes
gary in one hour
one of our riders gary
those will be those will be hanging from
the ball hitch of his honda crv
baseball is back a new season is uh
officially underway you can't beat
opening day
sitting in a 33 capacity ballpark
stuffing a hot dog into your n95 mustard
all over the mass
the whole deal we're not in the clear
the mets and the nationals had to push
their game tonight
because at least five players on the
nationals either tested positive or were
in quarantine
the league is still adhering to covet
guidelines for the time being
the crowds are limited and all second
baseman and left fielders will be
cardboard cutouts but
the soon-to-be former cleveland indians
played today they lost to the tigers
that team is expected to get a new name
sometime next year but effective
immediately
fans at progressive field in cleveland
will no longer be allowed to paint their
faces red
or wear headdresses at the game the team
put out a statement
that says headdresses and face paints
styled in a way
that references or appropriates american
indian cultures and traditions will not
be permitted
unless you are in fact a full-blooded
descendant of the lakota in which case
thanks for being a fan go tribe oop we
mean we're not calling the team tribe
anymore
but thank you for being a fan woohoo
oops again
sorry we promise we'll change the name
soon all right you know our local
dodgers are
here in los angeles are the reigning
world series champs they won the world
series last year
and this is exciting since dodgers had
their opener today against the colorado
rockies and ahead of the game our very
own guillermo
who oh wow that's a good look for you
yeah they're comfortable i like them you
like them
yeah you think you'll wear them on
easter yes
of course of course are those edible or
what are they made out of those peeps
give them a little squeeze no
they're not edible they're not no eat
one anyway let's see what happens
oh it's stuck up oh no don't eat it
guillermo that was a joke all right
anyway guillermo journeyed today to
dodger stadium to have a socially
distanced chat with
all-star pitcher and tonight's starter
clayton kershaw
hi i'm here at the daugher stadium with
the world series champion clayton
kershaw
hi clayton what
i can't hear you
i said
[Applause]
oh i say thank you for joining me
for this social distant interview yeah
no problem glad to be here
which one you like better peanuts or
crackers
you mean cracker jacks crackers jacks
yeah
oh yeah i prefer peanuts yeah me too i
love peanuts
cool clayton this is a very important
question
why i cannot buy beer in the night
eating
you know i think i might have something
to do with driving guillermo
i'll look into that great thank you i
have a picture to show you
tell me what were you thinking in this
picture hold on let me grab something
oh yeah i'm thinking that thing's pretty
cool
good answer are you ready for a supple
question i think so i wrote it in the
sub bowl oh you can't you're gonna throw
it to me
[Applause]
next question
who's there mookie bets
mookie batu mookie bets
bet me 20 i wouldn't tell this joke
you get it i think so i mean not really
but yeah
one more question clayton okay one more
wish
dwyer has the best scent
which dodger has the best what now which
dollars
has the best sense the best the best sex
[Laughter]
is that what you asked you know what i'm
gonna call you
okay call me call me
hello clayton which daughter has the
best scent
you know which one smell the best ah
bruised dark gradual
he smells beautiful all the time oh okay
is this interview over yeah can we do a
long distance oh yes i love that all
right hold on
i feel nice thank you that was so good
clayton
i bet it was thanks for doing that man i
love you man
thank you clinton back to you jimmy
all right very well done it's good to
see you
i'm ready to go to a game me too i'm
ready yeah thanks to clayton curso
uh and one more thing before we keep
going it's thursday night which means
it's time to bleep and blur the big tv
moments of the week
whether they need it or not it is time
for this week in unnecessary censorship
[Applause]
hey guys it's tuesday it's march 30th
and we are about to get your day
i just have one question for you jerry
are we going to see your tonight because
hopefully that's posted
you know what's not traveling is a giant
stuck in the middle of the suez canal
we'll bring you the latest you and i
about two years ago your wife was there
and i brought a friend of mine
today himself
i've got another story and i promise i
care about more than
but this was just too incredible were
you being censored
the entire room is nothing but cops
one after the other after the other well
maria many of those
right i mean that's kind of one of the
things you do when you're you know when
you're first family like there's no one
that
my father as well as i do and i i am
late at night i can't tell you how many
times we're together
somebody step up in my ass
big man brother b
i cannot wait to a 50 year old man i've
never done that
[Applause]
[Music]
if you like that video then put a ring
on it click the subscribe
button below